feat(many): add release notes and updates for 1.16.1 (#191)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: announcements/1.16.1.md

### Introduction

The Anbox Cloud team is pleased to announce the release of Anbox Cloud 1.16.1.

Please see the [component versions](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/component-versions) for a list of updated components.

#### New features & improvements

> * Bootstrapping Anbox Cloud on AWS requires the use of Instance Metadata Service[https://docs.aws.amazon.com/zh_cn/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/configuring-instance-metadata-service.html]. Since 1.16.1 release, Anbox Cloud makes use of `IMDSv2` rather than `IMDSv1` for the protection against Server Side Request Forgery (`SSRF`) attack. See the (link)[https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/defense-in-depth-open-firewalls-reverse-proxies-ssrf-vulnerabilities-ec2-instance-metadata-service/] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bootstrapping Anbox Cloud on AWS requires using the [Instance Metadata Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/configuring-instance-metadata-service.html) (`IMDS`). Starting with the 1.16.1 release, Anbox Cloud uses `IMDSv2` rather than `IMDSv1` for protection against Server Side Request Forgery (`SSRF`) attacks. See the [AWS Security Blog](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/defense-in-depth-open-firewalls-reverse-proxies-ssrf-vulnerabilities-ec2-instance-metadata-service/) for more information.
```

* Included Android security updates for December 2022 (see [Android Security Bulletin - December 2022](https://source.android.com/security/bulletin/2022-12-01) for more information).
* Updated Android WebView to [108.0.5359.79](https://chromereleases.googleblog.com/2022/12/chrome-for-android-update.html).

#### Bug

> * AC-1222 ext4 online metadata check service is active but should not
> * AC-1229 Appliance bootstrap doesn't fail when an Juju unit ends up to an error status
> * AC-1230 The `gpu-slots` remains 0 occasionally even after AMS detects NVIDIA GPU type
> * AC-1235 ANGLE for null platform attempts to initialise Vulkan renderer
> * AC-1264 Fatal exception occurred to `com.android.systemui` when launching an application(Android 13 based) with boot package
> * AC-1267 Data channels fail to connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AC-1222 `ext4` online metadata check service is active but should not be
* AC-1229 Appliance bootstrap doesn't fail when an Juju unit ends up in an error status
* AC-1230 The `gpu-slots` remains 0 occasionally even after AMS detects NVIDIA GPU type
* AC-1235 ANGLE for `null` platform attempts to initialise Vulkan renderer
* AC-1264 Fatal exception occurred to `com.android.systemui` when launching an application (Android 13 based) with boot package
* AC-1267 Data channels fail to connect
```
